box-t first you want to pull your
potatoes pinning three good-sized floury
potatoes there and you want to have them
you're going to cook half if you've not
already got some leftover mashed potato
and we're going to grate the ball your
kettle it will come and crash
bring them to the boil while they're
cooking away great remaining half
through potatoes give them a good rinse
through remove any starch and they get a
nice clean tea towel tip them out onto
their fold the tea towel over and just
get a little wiggle and a press just to
dry them off just like that move any
large bits as well measure out about a
quarter of a pint of whole milk and then
just put a little bit aside you're going
to use that to mash your potatoes into
the remainder you want to crack one
free-range egg you know how I like the
pepper straight in there good few twists
and a little bit of salt it's good whisk
around before and then to put that to
one side a moment measure out about 50
grams of plain flour - or measuring the
wafer to pout your grated potatoes into
a bowl you want to add one good teaspoon
of baking powder
and then your flower quick Little Mix
test your potatoes make sure they cooked
put your bacon on to cook don't cook it
fully but you have to allow for extra
cooking time and then take it put it
into the oven to keep it warm then
measure the taytay's and add your cooked
potatoes into your grated potatoes and
flour it together with your milk and egg
mixture
this is good mix together to get it all
mixed incorporated and the reason I put
the bacon first is it sir it's always
good to cook it in the pan that you've
used to cook the bacon in so if there's
a knob of butter into a frying pan and
then when that comes to a soft bubble
you want to put in your gallops of
box.you mixture in there on a medium
heat and cover and then when the top
looks like it's starting to set that's
when you can flip them over if you try
before then you're likely to get quite a
bit of a mess and I will break up on you
they put them evenly on both sides I
like mine quite well to set that down to
preference and then start with some
bacon and scrambled eggs usually have
this on a Sunday morning the taste test
very hot
straight out of the pan but yes if you
liked this video give it a thumbs up
click on some other videos I've got a
good scrambled egg recipe there nice
Bailey's and chocolate cheesecake and a
lovely leek and potato soup and if
you've not subscribed already hit the
subscribe button there and you'll see
new videos as they come out thanks for
watching bye bye